PITCHME.md, before:

YAY-PIs: Working with REST APIs in Python

---

#  What we're covering:

+++

- Preamble: Why it’s important to have fun <!-- .element: class="fragment" -->
- Restfulness                              <!-- .element: class="fragment" -->
- Making requests <!-- .element: class="fragment" -->
- Handling responses<!-- .element: class="fragment" -->
- Python API frameworks for services<!-- .element: class="fragment" -->
- Generic API wrappers <!-- .element: class="fragment" -->
- Create a REST API for existing services <!-- .element: class="fragment" -->
- Design and implementation of API wrappers <!-- .element: class="fragment" -->

---
# Preamble: Why it’s important to have fun!

Note:
Chances are extremely good that you'll be completely bogged down by design decisions and worry about
"doing it right" if you start with something critical for your organization. Or maybe you don't have
any ideas for things to do to help you at your job (yet).

+++
# Challenge more experienced audience to come up with a cool idea by the end of the talk

---
# Restfulness

+++
# REST definition (Expose data or services over an HTTP connection)
+++
# CRUD
+++
# Requests
+++
# Responses
+++
# Status codes
+++
# HTML
+++
# XML
+++
# JSON
+++
# Web-scraping
+++
# BS
+++
# Scrapy
---
# Making requests (Sal as an example service)
+++
# curl
+++
# httpie
+++
# Getting curl args from Chrome dev panel
+++
# Python +++
# urllib from the interpreter
+++
# requests
+++
# Curl -> Requests tool
+++
# Selenium / PhantomJS / Chromedriver for solving niggling problems.
---
# Common data handling tasks
+++
# Set arithmetic
+++
# Relating data
+++
# ML
+++
# Visualization
+++
# Automation
---
# Existing python API frameworks
+++
# Spotify
+++
# Truly Random
+++
# Strava
+++
# http://www.marcellobrivio.com/projects/strava-toolbox/
+++
# Google Image Search + “Image processing” + Twitter
+++
1.  https://developers.google.com/custom-search/json-api/v1/overview
1.  https://dev.twitter.com/overview/api (There are a bunch of py libs)
---
# Generic wrappers example
---
# Create a REST API for existing services
+++
# APIStar super fast
+++
# Flask
+++
# Munki client manifest service
---
# Design and implementation of API wrappers
+++
    # python-jss
---

Commit message:

Update prez and begin modularizing

PITCHME.md, after:

## YAY-PIs: Working with REST APIs in Python

---

#  What we're covering:

+++

- Preamble: Why it’s important to have fun <!-- .element: class="fragment" -->
- Restfulness                              <!-- .element: class="fragment" -->
- Making requests <!-- .element: class="fragment" -->
- Handling responses<!-- .element: class="fragment" -->
- Python API frameworks for services<!-- .element: class="fragment" -->
- Generic API wrappers <!-- .element: class="fragment" -->
- Create a REST API for existing services <!-- .element: class="fragment" -->
- Design and implementation of API wrappers <!-- .element: class="fragment" -->

---
# Preamble
## Why it’s important to have fun!

Note:
Chances are extremely good that you'll be completely bogged down by design decisions and worry about
"doing it right" if you start with something critical for your organization. Or maybe you don't have
any ideas for things to do to help you at your job (yet).

+++

## Code is <span style='color: #DC822A'>*art*</span>

- https://github.com/python-pillow/Pillow <!-- .element: class="fragment" -->
- http://opencv.org <!-- .element: class="fragment" -->
- http://turbulence.org <!-- .element: class="fragment" -->
- http://rhizome.org <!-- .element: class="fragment" -->

Note:
What about doing something completely locally and then just automating an update to Twitter or Instagram?

+++
# Challenge 

Note:
More experienced audience come up with a cool idea by the end of the talk

---
---?include=md/restfulness.md
---
# HTML
+++
# XML
Note:
pretty printing methods with raw python and lxml
tree-printing/exploration
+++
# JSON
Note:
pretty printing, tree-printing/exploration
+++
# Web-scraping
+++
# BS
+++
# Scrapy
---
# Making requests (Sal as an example service)
+++
# curl
+++
# httpie
+++
# Getting curl args from Chrome dev panel
+++
# Python +++
# urllib from the interpreter
+++
# requests
+++
# Curl -> Requests tool
+++
# Selenium / PhantomJS / Chromedriver for solving niggling problems.
---
# Common data handling tasks
+++
# Set arithmetic
+++
# Relating data
+++
# ML
+++
# Visualization
+++
# Automation
---
# Existing python API frameworks
+++
# Spotify
+++
# Truly Random
+++
# Strava
+++
# http://www.marcellobrivio.com/projects/strava-toolbox/
+++
# Google Image Search + “Image processing” + Twitter
+++
1.  https://developers.google.com/custom-search/json-api/v1/overview
1.  https://dev.twitter.com/overview/api (There are a bunch of py libs)
---
# Generic wrappers example
---
# Create a REST API for existing services
+++
# APIStar super fast
+++
# Flask
+++
# Munki client manifest service
---
# Design and implementation of API wrappers
+++
    # python-jss
---
